clii urruonucrroru‘⁸

others demands a delicate nicety of expression. His
Satires are 'accordingly what we should expect—replete
with sprightly urbanity and goodhumoured wit-sea-
soned with all possible elegance andterseness of dic·
tion-void of affectation and pedentic stiffness-without
any very disgusting' servilities, yet without any spice of
m ι se and gloomy acrimony-calculated rather to saise
*gh at the lighter foiblcs of the world, thane sneer

ἡ, a 'ts vanities ora frown at its crimes-One characteristic

. trait in Horace is the address and dexterity with which
he lliugs his oblique strokes of raillery. He never seems
to find fault for the sole sake of finding fault„ His
¹slyest blows are conveyed in a parenthesis, ln short, he
has the air of one that ridicules the world by the urcy,
and hits the very mark intended, without appearing so

niueb ¹as to take aim at it. Horace has by some been

¹ blamed for the loose prosaic texture of many of his
verses, which has been imputed to slovenly negligence.
Had all his verses been of this description, or had they
been such in any one Satire throughout, w'e must have*
allowed him to be, as he describes Lucilius,

--,·--.--- facetus,

Emunctae naris, durus componere ansus.

’ < But 'these seemingly negligent verses will be rarely
found tn extend to any considerable number at stirne.
They are most applied where there is the least elevation
in the thoughts that is, where any other structure of
verse would be out of place: F or nothing can be more
monstrous than plain commori-sense drest up in Epic
dignity of numbers. They are besides almost always
preceded or followed by one or more lines of harmonicus

' cadence or compact strength. Thus does this flagging .

 

